---
title: Translations
layout: default
categories: en
---
h1. Translations

*Want to help out with translating Backlogs? Excellent!*

Create an account at "GitHub":http://www.github.com if you don't have one yet. "Fork":https://github.com/backlogs/redmine_backlogs/fork the "Backlogs":http://github.com/backlogs/redmine_backlogs repository, in that repository browse to Source -> config -> locales, click on the translation you want to adapt, en click the "Edit this file" button. Change what you want, and then issue a "pull request":https://github.com/backlogs/redmine_backlogs/pull/new/master, and I'll be able to fetch your changes. The changes will automatically be attributed to you.

The messages below mean the following:

| *Untranslated* | The translation contains words that aspell thinks doesn't belong to that language. |
| *Old-style variable substitution* | the translation uses { { keyword } } instead of %{keyword}. This works for now, but redmine is in the process of phasing it out. |

bq(success). English

serves as a base for all other translations

bq(success). Deutsch (Bo Hansen, Christoph Graumann, Frank Blendinger, friflaj, John Yani, Mark Maglana, mikoto20000, Patrick Atamaniuk, root, sureal, Terence Miller, Tobias Bayer)

bq(success). English (British) (Bo Hansen, Frank Blendinger, friflaj, mikoto20000, Patrick Atamaniuk)

bq(success). Español (Bo Hansen, friflaj, Gustavo Andrés Angulo, John Yani, Jorge Uriarte, Mauricio Rivera Schneider, mikoto20000, Patrick Atamaniuk)

bq(success). Français (Bo Hansen, friflaj, ibussieres, John Yani, Martin Bastien, Maxime Chambreuil, mikoto20000, Patrick Atamaniuk)

bq(success). Japanese (日本語) (Bo Hansen, drakontia, friflaj, mikoto20000, Patrick Atamaniuk)

bq(success). Nederlands (Bo Hansen, friflaj, John Yani, Mark Maglana, mikoto20000, Patrick Atamaniuk)

bq(success). Norwegian (Norsk bokmål) (Bo Hansen, friflaj, Geir Helland, John Yani, mikoto20000, Patrick Atamaniuk, Riley W.)

bq(success). Português(Brasil) (Bo Hansen, Daniel Passos, friflaj, John Yani, Mark Maglana, mikoto20000, Patrick Atamaniuk, Robson R S Peixoto)

bq(success). Russian (Русский) (Anton Minin, Bo Hansen, Emiliano Heyns, friflaj, John Yani, leenq, mikoto20000, Patrick Atamaniuk)

bq(warning). Simplified Chinese (简体中文) (98%) (Bo Hansen, friflaj, John Yani, Mark Maglana, mikoto20000, Patrick Atamaniuk)

*Old-style variable substitution*

|label_backlogs_unconfigured|label_sprint_name|

